we start today with ours
everyday tests this is about the
family friendliness the
fitness for use of a vehicle
test the first vehicle that we
want to look exactly is a mondeo
tournament in this case, a two-liter
diesel with 163 hp the loud manufacturer
despite the large volume only 4.9 liters
Consume diesel at 100 kilometers
should
despite its size, the mondeo is very
clear and easy
He also has maneuvering
Parking assistance and rear view camera on board
become even the closest partners to
child's play
but not only a family suit
be practical
He should not have the budget
too much strain without doing so
the daily driving fun on the track
remains
At these scales Ford has
apparently oriented in our rides
we came to an average of just under 65
liter for a two-liter with more than
160 ps a decent value for
driving enjoyment ensured among other things also the
company typical punishment suspension design
Thanks to your feedback, you stayed for yourself
at rapid travel speeds up
the highway or fleets
Stretching sections on the highway
always lord of the action and before
Surprises for sure
a combo is expected in front of everyone
One thing ample trunk space
this is what the ford mondeo tournament offers
already in the standard one puts however the
Rear bench to reach a loading volume
of up to 1740 liters
O
Compared to the predecessor is at
Mondeo tournament happens a lot and you
gets a lot of car for the money
his interior is neat
processed and makes a solid
impression
even if details like fittings
multifunction steering wheel or the
touchscreen certainly serves your purpose
Nevertheless , we would have fulfilled something
more pep and charm desired
our test car was powered by
a four cylinder 2 liter tdci with 163
ps thanks to the 70 liter tank can be
long-distance without annoying
Stopovers plan the tour from
hamburg to nuremberg for example and
back is there without a tank stay in it
we have the ford mondeo tournament as
experienced real family vehicle
He offers everything you need in everyday life
needs a generous trunk space
a lot of space for the passengers and the
driver and the passenger
he is thrifty and affordable though
you get the already under 25,000 euros
as an entry-level model
OK